#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.10
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
absl-py==2.0.0
    # via
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
astunparse==1.6.3
    # via tensorflow
cachetools==5.3.2
    # via google-auth
certifi==2023.11.17
    # via requests
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via requests
contourpy==1.2.0
    # via matplotlib
cycler==0.12.1
    # via matplotlib
flatbuffers==23.5.26
    # via tensorflow
fonttools==4.47.0
    # via matplotlib
gast==0.5.4
    # via tensorflow
google-auth==2.26.1
    # via
    #   google-auth-oauthlib
    #   tensorboard
google-auth-oauthlib==1.2.0
    # via tensorboard
google-pasta==0.2.0
    # via tensorflow
graphdatascience==1.8
    # via -r requirements.in
grpcio==1.60.0
    # via
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
h5py==3.10.0
    # via tensorflow
idna==3.6
    # via requests
keras==2.15.0
    # via tensorflow
kiwisolver==1.4.5
    # via matplotlib
libclang==16.0.6
    # via tensorflow
markdown==3.5.1
    # via tensorboard
markupsafe==2.1.3
    # via werkzeug
matplotlib==3.8.2
    # via -r requirements.in
ml-dtypes==0.2.0
    # via tensorflow
multimethod==1.10
    # via graphdatascience
neo4j==5.16.0
    # via graphdatascience
networkx==3.2.1
    # via -r requirements.in
numpy==1.25.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   contourpy
    #   h5py
    #   matplotlib
    #   ml-dtypes
    #   opt-einsum
    #   pandas
    #   pyarrow
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
oauthlib==3.2.2
    # via requests-oauthlib
opt-einsum==3.3.0
    # via tensorflow
packaging==23.2
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   tensorflow
pandas==2.0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   graphdatascience
pillow==10.2.0
    # via matplotlib
protobuf==4.23.4
    # via
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
pyarrow==13.0.0
    # via graphdatascience
pyasn1==0.5.1
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.3.0
    # via google-auth
pyparsing==3.1.1
    # via matplotlib
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
pytz==2023.3.post1
    # via
    #   neo4j
    #   pandas
requests==2.31.0
    # via
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   tensorboard
requests-oauthlib==1.3.1
    # via google-auth-oauthlib
rsa==4.9
    # via google-auth
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   astunparse
    #   google-pasta
    #   python-dateutil
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
tensorboard==2.15.1
    # via tensorflow
tensorboard-data-server==0.7.2
    # via tensorboard
tensorflow==2.15.0
    # via -r requirements.in
tensorflow-estimator==2.15.0
    # via tensorflow
tensorflow-io-gcs-filesystem==0.35.0
    # via tensorflow
termcolor==2.4.0
    # via tensorflow
textdistance==4.6.1
    # via graphdatascience
tqdm==4.66.1
    # via graphdatascience
typing-extensions==4.9.0
    # via
    #   graphdatascience
    #   tensorflow
tzdata==2023.4
    # via pandas
urllib3==2.1.0
    # via requests
werkzeug==3.0.1
    # via tensorboard
wheel==0.42.0
    # via astunparse
wrapt==1.14.1
    # via tensorflow

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
